Add new import option and priortize it (#242)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/language/imports.mdx

Programs can import declarations (types, functions, variables, and so on) from other programs.

## Importing contracts

Imports are declared using the `import` keyword. You can import your contracts using **one** of the following three options:

1. Import your contracts by name, which you must use if you're using the [Flow CLI]. For example:

   ```cadence
   import "HelloWorld"
   ```

>    This will automatically import the contract you have created in your project with the same name and save the configuration in `flow.json`. It doesn't matter if the contract has been deployed on a non-default account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will automatically import the contract, based on the configuration found `flow.json`. It will automatically handle address changes between mainnet, testnet, and emulator, as long as those are present in `flow.json`.
```
